#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
acme==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
alembic==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-restful
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cloudflare
    #   httpx
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   redis
asyncpool==1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
aws-sam-translator==1.91.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-core==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-cdn==13.1.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-mgmt-network==27.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
azure-mgmt-subscription==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
bandit==1.7.10
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.35.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.35.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
bytecode==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ddtrace
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-auth
celery[redis]==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cert-manager==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cert-orchestration-adapter @ https://binaries.ddbuild.io/dd-source/python/cert_orchestration_adapter-0.0.3-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
certbot==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv[ntlm]==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
cfn-lint==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
cloudflare==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
configargparse==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
coverage==7.6.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   moto
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyspnego
    #   python-jose
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   secretstorage
    #   sshpubkeys
    #   types-paramiko
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
ddtrace==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   limits
    #   opentelemetry-api
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
    #   cloudflare
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.21.2
    # via readme-renderer
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
envier==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ddtrace
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
faker==30.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.25.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
filelock==3.16.1
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-flask
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-limiter==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-migrate==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-script==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
future==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-cloud-compute==1.19.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
google-cloud-private-ca==1.12.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
grpcio==1.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cloudflare
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
identify==2.6.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   anyio
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
    #   flask
    #   keyring
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   limits
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
javaobj-py3==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jsondiff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
keyring==25.4.1
    # via twine
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
limits==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-limiter
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
moto[all]==4.2.14
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   sympy
msal==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
multipart==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
mypy==1.11.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
nh3==0.2.18
    # via readme-renderer
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
opentelemetry-api==1.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ddtrace
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-limiter
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   limits
    #   pytest
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   stevedore
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   msal-extensions
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   ddtrace
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
py-partiql-parser==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-jose
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cloudflare
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   msal
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   josepy
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyspnego==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests-ntlm
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   logmatic-python
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   cfn-lint
    #   jsondiff
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   pre-commit
    #   responses
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
redis==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   fakeredis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   azure-core
    #   cert-manager
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certsrv
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   hvac
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   twine
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
requests-ntlm==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certsrv
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   moto
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   flask-limiter
    #   twine
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
sentry-sdk==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   ecdsa
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   anyio
    #   cloudflare
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   fakeredis
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cert-manager
tomli==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
twine==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
twofish==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
types-cffi==1.16.0.20240331
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-pyopenssl
types-deprecated==1.2.9.20240311
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-paramiko==3.5.0.20240928
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-protobuf==5.28.0.20240924
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-pyopenssl==24.1.0.20240722
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-redis
types-pyrfc3339==1.1.1.5
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241003
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
types-pytz==2024.2.0.20241003
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-redis==4.6.0.20241004
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-setuptools==75.1.0.20240917
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-cffi
types-six==1.16.21.20241009
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20240106
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   black
    #   bytecode
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cloudflare
    #   ddtrace
    #   faker
    #   fakeredis
    #   flask-limiter
    #   kombu
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   botocore
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   twine
validators==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.6
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   ddtrace
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ddtrace
    #   moto
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
