#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
acme==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
alembic==1.13.2
    # via flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
asyncpool==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   ddtrace
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-core==1.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.8.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.8.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-cdn==13.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-mgmt-network==26.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-subscription==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.35.19
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bytecode==0.15.1
    # via ddtrace
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-auth
cattrs==24.1.1
    # via ddtrace
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
cert-manager==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cert-orchestration-adapter @ https://binaries.ddbuild.io/dd-source/python/cert_orchestration_adapter-0.1.5-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
certbot==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloudflare==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
configargparse==1.7
    # via certbot
configobj==5.0.8
    # via certbot
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
ddsketch==3.0.1
    # via ddtrace
ddtrace==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opentelemetry-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via certbot
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
envier==0.5.2
    # via ddtrace
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via cattrs
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
future==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.2
    # via google-cloud-compute
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
google-cloud-compute==1.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   certbot
    #   opentelemetry-api
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
javaobj-py3==0.4.4
    # via pyjks
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via cloudflare
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.4.1
    # via celery
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
msal==1.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via azure-mgmt-subscription
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opentelemetry-api==1.27.0
    # via ddtrace
packaging==24.1
    # via gunicorn
paramiko==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via certbot
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
protobuf==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   ddtrace
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjks
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   msal
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   josepy
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via logmatic-python
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   acme
    #   celery
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudflare
    #   responses
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   azure-core
    #   cert-manager
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certsrv
    #   cloudflare
    #   google-api-core
    #   hvac
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
responses==0.25.3
    # via cert-orchestration-adapter
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via cert-orchestration-adapter
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   configobj
    #   ddsketch
    #   ddtrace
    #   flask-restful
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via cert-manager
twofish==0.3.0
    # via pyjks
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   bytecode
    #   cattrs
    #   ddtrace
    #   kombu
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
validators==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ddtrace
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
