#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-docs.txt requirements-docs.in
#
acme==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   cloudflare
    #   httpx
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
aws-sam-translator==1.91.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
bandit==1.7.9
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.35.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.35.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
certbot==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfn-lint==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloudflare==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
configargparse==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
coverage==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
    #   cloudflare
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
faker==28.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.24.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-flask
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-migrate==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
graphql-core==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via cloudflare
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
javaobj-py3==0.4.4
    # via pyjks
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jsondiff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
kombu==5.4.1
    # via celery
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
moto[all]==4.2.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   sympy
multipart==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
paramiko==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   stevedore
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
platformdirs==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
py-partiql-parser==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via pyjks
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   pyjks
pydantic==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cloudflare
pydantic-core==2.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   josepy
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via logmatic-python
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   celery
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   cfn-lint
    #   jsondiff
    #   moto
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   responses
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   fakeredis
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certsrv
    #   docker
    #   hvac
    #   moto
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
responses==0.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   configobj
    #   ecdsa
    #   flask-restful
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cloudflare
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   fakeredis
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-httpdomain==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
sympy==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
twofish==0.3.0
    # via pyjks
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   black
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cloudflare
    #   fakeredis
    #   kombu
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
